(PERSON13) Hi. Hello person 6. Hello person 19. Thanks for, uhm. (PERSON6) Hi everyone. (PERSON19) Hi. (PERSON13) Yeah, great. Thanks for joining and, uh, yeah okay. So, yeah. Uh, I I see that people have written up ehm what they did. (PERSON19) Hi person 13, I can hear you. (PERSON13) Yep, that's great. Uh, and also you were evaluating. Yes, so that's that's re re record. What you did. So what I have, uh, on my mind now is uh, uh, well, uh, preparations. So, uh, person 13, uh I am busy, uh, with the IW SLT, uh, writeup. Uh, that was the, uh, the wra last part that I did. Now busy with interviewing people people to uh to replace those who are em moving forward so to say. So there is number of colleagues on projects that I am supervising, uh, that who are going for studies abroad and other things. Uh, so, uh, what I think we should focus on is the demo for Project Officer. Then we need to focus on the ladder climbing, uh, which is building uh, uh, project 3 test set plus, uh, regularly, uh, testing on it. Ehm, and, ehm what else, uh, the deliverables. Yeah. project 3 deliverables. So, I'll try to provide the links. Or those who of you, who are already working on the deliverables, please mention that. And yeah. Let's let's go quickly over what what have done. So person 6 you are the first on the list. Ehm, ehm, so please briefly update what what you have been working on. And what what is the plan for the next week. (PERSON6)  So, luckily.   Not luckily but this week I had like quite less tasks to do. So first I calculated the word error rate on Czech transcripts using that three versions of, uh, Czech ASR which person 10 created. And so yesterday person 10 told me that they were, uh, and the golden transcript and its corresponding video there were there were huge huge mismatch. And I and he said to update me. And then we conducted a few testing sessions with person 11 and person 18. And they were not quite successful because the segmenters from, uh, uh, organization 1 they were still down and person 12 today he is he is working on them. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON6) And lastly yeah I think I did. Uh, it was the input in the project 3 deliverable of for the punctuator and through caser.   (PERSON13) Mhm, yeah. (PERSON6) And I don't have. I think that apart from the testing sessions to do this week so I am waiting for new tasks. (PERSON13) Yeah, so. So the word error rate, there is also the English, uh, transcripts Ehm, and also we should have from person 9 the German one, right So. (PERSON6) Yeah, yeah, yeah. (PERSON13) So, so I will make it to do. (PERSON6) So I have updated the German transcripts in its corresponding path and like do we have the golden transcripts for the English videos (PERSON13) Yes, that's the other part. Because this is the consecutively translated videos. So there is always the English speaker and then the Czech speaker who repeats the same content. And person 7 has split the video and while the English part should be more reliable, uh, the Czech part has been done simply by using the other ends.
So the Czech video has been cut using the English time stamps. Like the end of English and the beginning of the next English segment.
Uh, so it's like like interleave the the the other way round. So that's why I'm not surprised that the Czech video is, uh, imprecise in timing. But still, I was not expecting it to be that bad. So, uh, that is something that, yeah. person 10, can you maybe tell us more details about that (PERSON10) Yeah, yeah. Well, I just like listened to the audio and followed the talk transcript  and it was completely off. I think it is. There must be some missmatch because.
(PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON10) Yeah, yeah. The transcription is for the completely different audio than it's in the subdirectory.
(PERSON6) Mhm. (PERSON13) Oh, so then someone must have like messed it up. (PERSON10) Yeah, yeah, I I may maybe it's just like uh. Maybe the files are just switched between the subdirectories (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON10) I I haven't checked but. Uh, yeah, there is some some serious mismatch there.
(PERSON13) Yeah, so person 10 can you coul could you do this check It should not be hard Like try listening to all the files that are within this demo for person 15, uh, and try to locate the correct file, the appropriate files. But we should have, we should have the transcripts ready for all of those. So we should be able to, uh, to evaluate it. And also for the English ones we have the translations. So for the English ones person 6, uh, I would like you to evaluate not only the word error rate of the ASR. But also the machine translation quality or at the SLT even. Uh, with the translation quality into German and Czech.
Both are available. (PERSON6) Okay. (PERSON13) We have these files ready. (PERSON6) And so these, for like a German audio and English project 1. (PERSON13) English, uh, input for English sound. We have the golden English transcript, so you can check the ASR. And we also have the translation into Czech and into German. So you can also evaluate directly the translation quality, uh, of that. (PERSON6) Okay, yeah. (PERSON13) Yeah, so this is, this is an important, uh, task, uh, to do, uh wr also for German and English audios. And another to do, uh, bleu or SLTF, uh, for, uh, German and Czech translations of, uh, English. (PERSON6) ASR. (PERSON13) Audio input. Yeah. (PERSON6) Yeah. (PERSON13) Uh, okay. And with the, with this testing sessions uhm uh, so when will we have some successful or like reliable, uh, testing sessions Did person 11 say or person 12 say anything about the the new date (PERSON6) So, like yesterday there was a holiday in Germany. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON6) So, like they didn't work at all. And today person 12 was working in the morning and I don't have any updates from person 12 what the status of. From them. But yeah, to today person 12 was doing the fixings of the segmenter. (PERSON13) Yeah. Yeah, please also check the timing. Like, when they would be available. Uh, when do organization 1 plus organization 6 expect, uh, uhm, uh, reliable run.   Including the segmenter. Yeah. So then, uh, yeah the. You had provided some input in the delive project 3 deliverable, right So I need to review that. Yeah, that's good. (PERSON6) Yeah, yeah. Okay. (PERSON13) And I had another idea and that was, yeah. Uh, so that's, uh, um my question like backing up of our systems into net data project 3 systems. Have you done anything about that So that we have a full backup of all the systems (PERSON6) Me (PERSON13) Yeah, including you. (PERSON6) Yes, I I I have already did everything. (PERSON13) Yeah, okay. (PERSON6) That. I have also did today some systems. That have been created. And I also did last week. Yeah. (PERSON13) Yeah, okay. That's uh that's good. Uh, so another thing is finding another partner, uh, who would ehm ehm run the replicates the replicas of our systems. So imagine that it's us who are without connectivity. So we need to have someone to to replace us as, uh,. Like we are now able to run systems from organization 1, someone. We need to pick someone, uh, who will be happy to run systems for ourselves. So, uh, person 13 suggest organization 2 to run our project 1 models but, uh, uh, but please check with person 8 later on and, ehm. So person 13 suggests organization 2 to run uh our uh our project 1 models, organization 1 to run our project 2 models, probably. And uh uh who well uh ehm and someone to run our segmenters, yeah. So, so we need to pick someone. So, so if you could. When you are in touch with these, uh, please talk to them and, uh, let me know. Because on Thursday we have project 3 call and for that call I would actually like to know if we have a substitute site for each of our systems. So, uh, so uh to od check with others, uh, uh tell me before uh tomm Thursday call so I know if we have a substitute for each of our systems. (PERSON6) Okay. (PERSON13) Yeah. Okay, thank you. Yeah, thank you. So there is lot of work to do on the evaluation. (PERSON6) Yeah. (PERSON13) And the I would like really very soon to see some numbers that we trust. So obviously there is this problem with the Czech. And now hopefully there will not be other problems with with the other thing, uh, other things. And this. Yeah. (PERSON6) What I believe with the Czech transcripts was that is that person 7 probably might have, uhm. We need to ask him the audio which he used to transcribe the the videos. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON6) I mean, he must have received some audio by which, after which he he has written those transcripts manually. (PERSON13) Yeah. (PERSON6) And, and maybe that's not the real audio which he has repla he has placed in the directory. (PERSON13) Yes, so that the the. This is for someone who can understand Czech obviously to, uh, to find out. But the the audio input, uh, that the transcript corresponds to, that is the audio which has been released as the IWSLT test set. So anyone can, uh, can easily check the IWSLT test set. (PERSON6) Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. (PERSON13) Yeah. Okay So thanks, thanks for this. Now for person 19. You have been working hard like very hard on the evaluation of the project 1 and ASR submissions for the IWSLT last week.
Uh, and these days, uh, what you are working on person 19 If you can still hear us. Uh. (PERSON19) Uh yes, I can hear you. Hello. Uh. person 13. (PERSON13) I can hear you. (PERSON19) Can you hear me (PERSON13) Yes. (PERSON19) This week I have been working on IWSLT submissions files again. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON19) But there is a problem about calculating the bleu score. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON19) As I've sent you in the email. I think we need a good tokeniser. We have two ways. We can ready to use tokeniser us as and so on. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON19) And another problem calculating the bleu score. I have used the NLTK model for calculating the scores. (PERSON13) so we have discussed this. So we have discussed the NLTK versus SacreBLEU with person 2. And we do not trust the NLTK bleu score at all. Because it is probably not tokenising and also accidentally it is. It drops to 0. So it is. It can be both, inflated and and too small. So we don't trust NLTK bleu scores at all. We trust only SacreBLEU. And I think they're like. Please write. Oh you have. Or you have sent me an email on this I will double check. Uh, Well, SLTF thank you for the organisation. See you later. SLT system mapping. So I don't see any email there.   No. Hmm. (PERSON19) If you want, I can resend it again. (PERSON13) Space tokeniser.   Yes, so es essentially to answer your question in the email. We have to switch to and we have for the IWSLT. We have to switch to SacreBLEU and SacreBLEU does its own tokenisation before scoring. So there is no. Let's let's simply forget NLTK bleu score. That is not reliable. (PERSON18) Yes, but. (PERSON19) Yes, but we can combine our tokeniser with NLTK. (PERSON13) Uf. Let's not do that. Let's just forget it. Let's let's just use SacreBLEU. (PERSON19) Okay. (PERSON18) I I have one comment about it. (PERSON13) Mhm. Yeah. (PERSON18) You sh should use tokeniser before enverse segmenter. (PERSON13) Yes, that's it. Yeah. (PERSON18) Because it's much better. Because it can rely on the on the dots and commas and question marks and so on. And you can you can check my script which does tokeniser, enverse segmenter and then detokeniser. And here is the path in the document. And. (PERSON13) Yeah. (PERSON18) And it's it's using the Moses seg tokeniser and detokeniser. And it needs the the language tag as the first argument and then reference. (PERSON13) Yeah. So person 19, do you do you fo Do you understand (PERSON19) Yeah. (PERSON13) So the problem is that enverse segmenter is not reliable if you run it on nontokenised text. It is much better to tokenise it before enverse segmenter and then maybe undo the tokenisation again. And this is, uh, what person 18's script does. So I would like you incorporate this logic into SLTF. So that the SLTF will run the tokenisation, then enverse segmenter, then again re reconstruct the original tokenisation. Which is not the same thing as removing tokenisation. I really would like to reconstruct the original one. And then, uh, uh calculate, uh, the SacreBLEU score. Which includes its own tokenisation. (PERSON18) Yeah. (PERSON19) Yes, I understand. (PERSON13) Okay, so. (PERSON18) By by the way. The enverse segmenter is still quite bad tool.
Sometimes it fails without without reason on some scripts. And we found out with person 17, that if we run it without tokenisation then it works. But with tokenisation it fo it like folds. (PERSON13) Oh. (PERSON18) Yeah, so it is better reliable with tokenisation but it's not 100 percent. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON18) Robust. And we can't do anything with that. Except of, uh, reimplementing enverse segmenter. (PERSON13) Yeah.. (PERSON18) From scratch. (PERSON13) Which. Which we don't have the source code of. It's a. I think it's a. When it comes from organization 8, it usually comes without a source code. So. (PERSON18) Yeah. Yes, but there is a paper at least. So. (PERSON13) Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah.   (PERSON18) It's written. (PERSON13) Yeah, yeah okay. So, well. Incorporate logic into SLTF, uh, to run enverse segmenter, uh, better, uh, include, uh, very paranoic tests, uh, of or paranoid paranoid parano hm I don't know the right spelling. Parano I think paranoid is the right. Uh, test of uh, amber segmenter output. Uh, yeah, okay. So that's. I think that's a a like an important exercise for task for you person 19. Uh, and uh. (PERSON19) But person 13 you need to, uh, you need to implement that or that this tokeniser in the first level of our work. Because we use, uh, the, uh, can't use uh this this enverser, we need it run all section of SLT view. (PERSON13) I don't understand. Partly, partly because the network is is bad. Uh, so maybe if you can write it down to the organization 4 document. And I'll, I'll get back to it.   If I understood correctly, you're you are saying that, uh, there there is some like organisation issue with amber segmenter. The sequence of of operations.
Yeah. Cannot see tokenising in all. Oh, you don't have to use. No no no uh. No. This is, this is only your, uh, your thinking. There is no, uh, uh, it's like it's your design within SLTF that you proceed with an error rate of words. But you don't have to. There is. It's it's just like your design decision of SLTF. And it's a risky decision, because the tokeniations vary. So, uh, um, I think it's better to operate on the level of sentences and tokenise them for a purpose. Such as, uh, LS, uh, run SL. Such as running amber segmenter. But then, you should again untokenise. So, uh, think again. Like do high level thinking about SLTF. And I would like you to avoid, uh, this forceful tokenisation when we are not quite sure about it. So tokenisation is a peculiar thing. It it affects many many things. And you should always do it for a particular purpose and then revert back to the original tokenisation as as much as possible. (PERSON19) Yeah. So. (PERSON13) Oh. I see myself editing this. How is that possible.   Who is using my login
      That's probably person 6, yeah.   (PERSON6) I see in the project 3 laptop it's. You have been loggedin.     (PERSON13) Yeah, yeah, yeah.   (PERSON6) I don't know. Yeah.   (PERSON13) Yeah. Okay. (PERSON6) I have loggedin now. (PERSON13) Yeah. So let's. Thank you person 19. So please, uh, uh, uh. Yes, that was person 19's question. Actually person 19 please write down the new assignment. How the tokenisation should be handled. And write it down so that you know for the record. Write down what I've just described so I know that that you understood as well. Yeah. Okay. And while you are writing let's move to person 17. I don't see person 17 in the call. So he is busy with preparation for exam. Reading or shortening. Yes, his um, um. Yeah, yeah. So,uh, person 17 uh, person 17's goal now is to train project 1 systems so that they reduce the length of the output. And this is like. He is only reading papers now. But he'll he'll start experimenting soon. And person 18 is suggesting something great. Okay, that's good. Uh. So person 19, I don't see you writing. Please write down, uh, what write down the the new ideal handling of tokenisation in SLTF. (PERSON19) Yeah. (PERSON13) Yeah. (PERSON19) I will. (PERSON13) Okay And we can move to person 18. Uh, so you have read some ACL papers, wrote, uh, parts of the SLT deliverable. That's good. Uh, just a quick check with person 10. person 10 you have also written the the deliverable parts, right The ASR (PERSON10) Yeah, yeah, I I wrote into the ASR deliverables. (PERSON13) Yes, so I need to review these and the internal deadline is in 6 days from now. Uh, so, hopefully I will get back to all of you. To each of you independently towards the end of the week if there is anything unclear. So that we meet the internal deadline on the 8th. Yeah, okay. Great. Uh. So person 18, what what is your progress (PERSON18) Hmhm. Yes, and by reading the papers I found an interesting tool. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON18) I found out that it's possible to measure out the speech rate by cutting the syllables. And there is one tool. One patent tool, which can detect the gender of speaker and the speech rate.
(PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON18) And some other characteristics. So we can try it and make a dashboard out of it. (PERSON13) Mhm. That's that's useful thing. Uh, and later on we could even create models like. If we if we recognise that someone is speaking too fast, we could use like a harsher summarisation. (PERSON18) Yes. (PERSON13) So we could be reducing reducing their speech mole with a different model. (PERSON18) Yes, and there was also speech modes. Like whether it was angry or normal and so on. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON18) But I have no idea how the tool works in practice. I I I I saw it only in Gi GitHub and I buy it. (PERSON13) Yeah, uh. (PERSON6) Actually I'd like to say here. So this is about a I think um emotion detection used in speech. So this is basically my bachelor's thesis. (PERSON13) Okay.   (PERSON18) Yeah. (PERSON6) And and I worked on this. And I noticed  And I just used MatLab. (PERSON13) Yeah. So person 18, please mention the the name of the tool here. Because I don't see that yet. (PERSON18) Okay. (PERSON13) Yeah. And. And person 6, since you have the expertise in this, please check the tool. So before. (PERSON6) Yeah, yeah. (PERSON13) Be before you leave. Like I d. I'm afraid that. Maybe over the summer, over the summer you could like, uh, um, integrate this tool into into our processes. But even if you don't manage this in time, it would be good to have to have an idea whether it's worth trying that. (PERSON6) Yeah, yeah, definitely, yeah. (PERSON13) Uh and then, and then to do for person 6. Uh, to do for person 6, uh, person 6 to review it, uh, and, uh, possibly integrate it over the summer. But obviously more important is to have the clean um the clean cruise control, or, the setup the setup script over the summer. Yeah. (PERSON18) Yes. And I I think that the Czech segmenter. So person 6 can you mute (PERSON13) Yeah. (PERSON18) So so it uses the right context for previous sentences. And I did I did back end text. New entry point from the back end ASR which does basically the same but for text.
And now it now the segmenter can receive 1 message and emit 2 messages. And and I connected it with online text flow and it works. And I had a call with person 5. He explained me some things so I can easier fix some bugs, which we found. (PERSON13) Mhm. Okay. (PERSON18) And we have to do the video for IWSLT by June the 17th. (PERSON13) Yeah, which is quite soon as well. (PERSON6) Yeah so I'm really afraid to manage. Or if anyone is willing to, uh, come in. And demo the system. Uh, I'll I'll start the pipeline everything and if anyone is available to, uh, demo the system, then. (PERSON13) You mean for the video (PERSON6) Yeah, yeah, yeah for the video. I mean. (PERSON13) That could be, that could be interesting, yes. I think that's a. (PERSON6) I'm talking about the system. (PERSON13) Yeah. That's actually a good idea. So when. I don't know for how long the presentation should be. So person 18, please like propose timing for for this. I don't know whether we do like regular, uh, uh, se regular slides with a with voice commentary Uh, but, uh we could also indeed concatenate it with the demo session, uh, of of the whole system. And I think it would be pretty good to illustrate it how it runs live. (PERSON18) It should be 15 minutes presentation. (PERSON13) Mhm. So if we en editioned. If if within these 15 minutes, we have 2 minute of the 3 minute video from, uh, the Czech into English and other languages I think that would be very good. So it's. That's a different. Uh, um, actually so hm hmhhm. I think. Yeah, we should we should actually demo the, uh, the task that was in IWSLT.So some of the Antrecorp horrible performing video, uh, like horrible performing speech. And also uh um the document that person 6 is now measuring the word error rate and SLTF on. That's exactly the test file. So that's the preparation for the demo session. Uh, is. Could could be then recorded as well and used as a part of this IWSLT presentation. So I would go for like 2 minutes, uh, or 3 minutes from the 15 minute, uh, uh, talk. And 1 minute of, uh, one of the Antrecorp videos. Like the horrible hard hard input and some reasonable input. Uh, that works reasonably well. So this is. That's that's a great idea. And person 6 for you it's it's nothing different from preparing the videos for the demo. The only different thing is that you would also run it on the on the Antrecorp, uh, uh, speech. (PERSON6) Yeah, yeah. (PERSON13) So maybe person 18, you have the scores for all the files, right So pick some file of Antrecorp, uh, which, uh, like, uh, works probably well. The the best of Antrecorp.
But it's pretty bad. All of all of them are pretty bad I believe. (PERSON18) No, I don't have the document scores. I have only your findings paper. (PERSON13) Okay. Yeah, I see. Uhmm. (PERSON18) And validation error, only 2 documents. (PERSON13) Umm, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, uh, yeah, will include one horrible Antrecorp, yeah. So this is actually a to do for, uh, person 19.   Provide ASR, uh, so WR scores for ehm person 18's runs, uh, of all Antrecorp files.
So person 19, uh, are you here (PERSON19) Yes. (PERSON13) So this is, this is a subset of the lines in the output TSV file. So, if you can select the appropriate lines of that output TSV file and, uh, and then send it to, uh, person 18 and me. (PERSON19) Uh, yeah. (PERSON13) That that would be. That would help. (PERSON19) Only for ASR (PERSON13) Uh, I think that the ASR is so much influencing the translation quality that it's okay to go with AS the word error rate. And then we'll choose based on the word error rate and we'll kind of assume that the translation quality is, uh, is equal across the different ASR, uh, qualities. But the ASR quality is is the killing factor. (PERSON19) Uh, I I will send you for . (PERSON13) Yeah, yeah. Okay. Thank you. Uh, okay, so and now.     (PERSON13) Can you, person 6 can you can you mute yourself Yeah. There is some. Your, I think your microphone is is very sensitive. For some reason, uh, maybe check the input, uh, again like in in Windows setting. So sorry, what were you saying person 19 (PERSON19) Please check my person 19 section. Yeah, so this this file, right Yeah thi this part, right (PERSON19) Yes. Yes. (PERSON13) Yeah, I'll check that in a lli like soon. Thank you. Let's let's move to person 10 quickly. So person 10, you have been obviously working on your thesis. Uh, submitting thesis, uh, and then, uh, wrote a parts. So person 10, are you here (PERSON10) Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm here. I'm. (PERSON13) Yes, so so. (PERSON10) So so basically I I have been mainly actually playing with the project 2 server. So I don't know if it would be useful for us. Like for the emission translation or the segmentation, but for some of my experiments I've done that now if like the output gets updated much faster.
(PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON10) So now it was like once per second. And now it's like ten times per second, so yes, so it's updating much faster and uh second thing that I put there is that we can get a board level time stamps. (PERSON13) Mhm. (PERSON10) For each of the word in the current hypothesis, uh, because. Right now, it was just the beginning of the whole current path and the end time stamps. But now, uh, there is like some additional functionality that it can output like the word level time stamps. So I'm I'm not sure if if it would be helpful.   (PERSON13) Yeah, yeah. So so I would like to have this setup which does not rely on mediator. And for that this TCP project 2 server is useful but for the mediator setup we have the project 2 server by person 18. So, uh, maybe it would be good if you, uh, get in touch with person 18, uh, and if the features that you have now found in project 2 server, the TCP project 2 server were were also made available if it's not too hard in the like project 2 worker. Would that make sence person 18 I don't know how, uh, or well please talk directly. person 10 and person 18 should talk about this and figure out how much work would it, uh, would it involve. (PERSON10) are changes that I've do I've put directly into the like binary of the TCP server. (PERSON13) Okay, so maybe the same changes could be done within the project 2 worker. So. (PERSON10) Mhm. Yes. I'm I'm I'm not actually sure ho how the worker exactly works. But. (PERSON13) Yeah. Uh, talk to. (PERSON18) The wor the worker only resends what it receives from project 2. (PERSON10) So it. But I I think it uses the project 2 binary, the TCP server, right (PERSON18) Yes. You gave us some shell scripts which starts the TCP server on some ports and it connects to this ports. (PERSON10) Yes, so so these changes I have done are inside this binary. (PERSON13) Mhm. So it should be easy. (PERSON10) So there is like the option if we, if we find useful space for it then we can get word level time stamps for the real time recording. (PERSON13) Yes, I would like to have them. (PERSON10) much faster updating the  (PERSON13) Yeah, I w I would like to have the word level time stamps in the, uh, in the log files. So this is for person 6 actually. So that the log files are very verbose. I'd like to have that, uh, uh, as well. So, uh, to do for person 6. Make sure that our log files include this word level time stamps. Okay, so thank you. (PERSON6) So when. (PERSON13) Yeah. (PERSON6) So what level time stamps of the ASR output of project 2 ASR (PERSON13) Yeah. (PERSON10) Mhm. (PERSON6) Okay. (PERSON10) For the real time recognition. (PERSON6) Mhm, okay okay. (PERSON13) So this is, this is what is then useful for SLTF for the evaluation of the simultaneity of of the speech. So when we know which word as when, recognised when, we can link it and, uh, score it against the golden transcript. (PERSON6) Okay, okay. (PERSON10) So so I will. I have like copy of the original TCP server that I've modified so I can do like launch project 2 script  [deleted 18 lines] So person 3 what what is your progress Are you here No, I'm not sure. We don't hear you. (PERSON3) Hello (PERSON13) Yeah, yeah it works. Okay. (PERSON3) Okay. Hi, so I have collected, uh, Georgian and what is the name gave me. Because in the last meeting we discussed like remaining languages like Georgian and Hebrew and uh. And another language, uh. (PERSON13) Icelandic. (PERSON3) Icelandic, yes so it is collected and I will upload today.  this data. And all the files I've already sent Russian, Serbian and what is the name. Croatian.
